---
layout: post
title: Agile Testing Tactics for WaterFail, FrAgile, ScrumBut, Kantban, and DevFlops
---

h3. This Meeting Brought To You By Paladin

There will be FREE FOOD; please register on our eventbrite page to help us pre-order enough for everyone!

Tuesday, July 24th 2012 7pm - 8pm CST
3030 Lbj Freeway, Dallas, TX 75234, United States

<iframe width="425" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" src="http://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF8&amp;q=paladin+dallas&amp;fb=1&amp;gl=us&amp;hq=paladin&amp;hnear=0x864c19f77b45974b:0xb9ec9ba4f647678f,Dallas,+TX&amp;cid=0,0,7521071718960099319&amp;t=m&amp;ll=32.911244,-96.876152&amp;spn=0.006295,0.006295&amp;output=embed"></iframe><br /><small><a href="http://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF8&amp;q=paladin+dallas&amp;fb=1&amp;gl=us&amp;hq=paladin&amp;hnear=0x864c19f77b45974b:0xb9ec9ba4f647678f,Dallas,+TX&amp;cid=0,0,7521071718960099319&amp;t=m&amp;ll=32.911244,-96.876152&amp;spn=0.006295,0.006295&amp;source=embed" style="color:#0000FF;text-align:left">View Larger Map</a></small>

Speaker: Tim Lyon

h3. Talk Overview

Agile development is being used more and more but the Quality Assurance personnel and management are playing catch-up to be able to work in a lean environment and still produce quality testing.  Waterfail, FrAgile, ScrumBut, KantBan, and DevFlops are all various amalgamations of different methodologies trying to be shoe horned into existing development and delivery patterns that tend to fall short in quality assurance practices.  No one practice fits all but there are various tactics that can be used to help address some of those concerns and better limit the delivery quality exposure - especially in tight turn around projects.

h3. Slides

TBA - Will be posted on or near the event date.
